Improved dev guide doc (#3179)
cloudfoundry-incubator/stratos: docs/developers-guide.md

### Set up Dependencies

* Set up a Stratos backend - The frontend cannot run without a backend. Both backend and frontend exist in this same repo.
  * Don't need to make changes to the backend code? To set up a backend run through the [deploy section](https://github.com/cloudfoundry-incubator/stratos/blob/master/deploy/README.md),
    choose a deployment method and bring one up. These deployments will bring up the entire backend, including api service and database
    along with a V2 frontend.
  * Need to make changes to the backend code? Follow the below [Backend Development](#Backend-Development) set up guide
* Install [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org) (minimum node version 8.11.3)
* Install [Angular CLI](https://cli.angular.io/) - `npm install -g @angular/cli`

### Configuration

Configuration information can be found in two places

* `./proxy.conf.js`

>   * In new forks this is missing and needs to be created using `./proxy.conf.templage.js` as a template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * In new forks this is missing and needs to be created using `./proxy.conf.template.js` as a template.
```

        ```
        const PROXY_CONFIG = {
          "/pp": {
            "target": {
            "host": "localhost",
            "protocol": "https:",
            "port": 443
          },
          "secure": false,
          "changeOrigin": true,
          "ws": true,
        }
        ```
      * If the backend is running locally using the instructions [Backend Development](#Backend-Development) below the url will local host
        with a port of the `CONSOLE_PROXY_TLS_ADDRESS` value from `src/jetstream/config.properties`. By default this will be 5445. For
        instance
        ```
        const PROXY_CONFIG = {
          "/pp": {
            "target": {
              "host": "localhost",
              "protocol": "https:",
              "port": 5443
            },
            "ws": true,
            "secure": false,
            "changeOrigin": true,
          }
        }
        ```
* `./src/frontend/environments/environment.ts` for developer vs production like config
  * This contains more general settings for the frontend and does not usually need to be changed

## Run the frontend

> 1. (First time only) Copy `./proxy.conf.template.js` to `./proxy.conf.js` and update with required Jet Stream url (see above for more info)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (First time only) Copy `./proxy.conf.template.js` to `./proxy.conf.js` and update with required Jetstream url (see above for more info)
```

1. Run `npm install`
1. Run `npm start` for a dev server. (the app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files)
   * If this times out please use `npm run start-high-mem` instead
   * To change the port from the default 4200, add `-- --port [new port number]`
   * To stop the automatic reload every time a resource changes add `-- --live-reload false`
   * To do both the above use `-- --live-reload false --port [new port number]`

> 1. Navigate to `https://localhost:4200/`. The credentials to log in will be dependent on the Jet Stream the console points at. Please refer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to `https://localhost:4200/`. The credentials to log in will be dependent on the Jetstream the console points at. Please refer
```

Run `npm run lint` to execute tslint lint checking.

### Unit tests

Run `npm test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io). Coverage information can be found in ./coverage

> **NOTE** npm test will search for chrome on your path. If this is not so please set an env var CHROME_BIN pointing to your executable
(chromium is fine too).

Run `npm test-debug` to execute unit tests in a mode that will re-run whenever there's a code change

### End-to-end tests

Run `npm run e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

Run `npm run e2e-dev` to execute end-to-end tests against a locally running instance on `https://localhost:4200`

More information on the E2E tests and pre-requisites for running them is available here - [E2E Tests](developers-guide-e2e-tests.md).

### Code Climate

We use [Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/SUSE/stratos) to check for general code quality issues. This executes against Pull
Requests on creation/push.

#### Running Code Climate locally

> > Generally we would not advice doing this and just rely on the Jenkins code climate gate to run when pull requests are submitted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Generally we would not advise doing this and just rely on the code climate gate to run when pull requests are submitted
```
